YOLO: Add NCS2 YoloHandler (#170)
bit-bots/bitbots_vision: bitbots_vision/docs/tutorials/yolo_open_vino.rst

=========
OpenVINO
=========

Convert Darknet to OpenVINO models
==================================

Install OpenVINO
----------------

> You can skip this step, if you have OpenVINO installed or access to a robot.

Reviewer: Why to a robot?
Do you mean to a compute stick?

Author: Because the robots have OpenVINO installed.
Now it is just Amy, in the future every robot needs it.

Otherwise visit the `OpenVINO Install Page <https://docs.openvinotoolkit.org/latest/_docs_install_guides_installing_openvino_linux.html>`_ and follow the instructions.

.. Tip:: If you do not use Ubuntu, e.g. "Arch Linux", there is also a OpenVINO Docker container provided by Intel.

Convert weights to Tensorflow format
------------------------------------
1. Clone `GibHub:tensorflow-yolo-v3 <https://github.com/mystic123/tensorflow-yolo-v3>`_ to your PC (no OpenVINO needed).

> 2. Go to commit `ed60b90` if you have Problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Checkout commit `ed60b90` if you have problems.
```

3. Run the command

`python3 convert_weights_pb.py --class_names names.names --data_format NHWC --weights_file <PATH_TO_YOUR_CURRENT_YOLO_WEIGHTS_FILE> --tiny`

   - The required `names.names` file consists of all class names, with each one in its own line.
   - The `<PATH_TO_YOUR_CURRENT_YOLO_WEIGHTS_FILE>` represents the Darknet `.weights` file.
   - The `--tiny` setting stands for `tiny-yolo` which is the currently used architecture.

>    - The output file will be written in the current folder as a `frozen_darknet_yolov3_model.pb` names file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The output file will be written to the current folder as a `frozen_darknet_yolov3_model.pb` file.
```

Convert Tensorflow format to OpenVINO
-------------------------------------
1. Source OpenVINO in your shell. Run `source /opt/intel/openvino/bin/setupvars.sh`.

> 2. Create an config like the `Example json config` below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a config like the `Example json config` below.
```

Example json config
===================

> In Darkent this values are located in the `.cfg` files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Darkent these values are located in the `.cfg` files.
```

> In Darkent this values are located in the `.cfg` files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Darknet these values are located in the `.cfg` files.
```
